Let z2jh seed jupyterhub.hub.services.binder.apiToken (#1337)
jupyterhub/binderhub: doc/zero-to-binderhub/setup-binderhub.rst

:ref:`setup-registry`. We'll copy/paste the contents of this file in the steps
below.

Create ``secret.yaml`` file
---------------------------

> Create a file called ``secret.yaml``, we'll set sensitive values to pass to our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any sensitive config values to set, create a file called ``secret.yaml`` to store them in.
By default, you can leave this empty.
```

Reviewer: Not sure of the exact wording, but let's clarify that we don't expect anything in this file by default?

Reviewer: Actually I just got confused by rst heading markers, we still need stuff here. Ignore me.

> Helm chart in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
